partitioned-table: create strictly increasing range columns partition (#18353)
pingcap/docs: partitioned-table.md

Range COLUMNS partitioning is a variant of Range partitioning. You can use one or more columns as partitioning keys. The data types of partition columns can be integer, string (`CHAR` or `VARCHAR`), `DATE`, and `DATETIME`. Any expressions, such as non-COLUMNS partitioning, are not supported.

> Like Range partitioning, Range COLUMNS partitioning also requires that the partition definition be strictly increasing. The partition definition in the following example is not supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like Range partitioning, Range COLUMNS partitioning also requires the partition ranges to be strictly increasing. The partition definition in the following example is not supported:
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE t(
    a int,
    b datetime,
    c varchar(8)
) PARTITION BY RANGE COLUMNS(`c`,`b`)
(PARTITION `p20240520A` VALUES LESS THAN ('A','2024-05-20 00:00:00'),
 PARTITION `p20240520Z` VALUES LESS THAN ('Z','2024-05-20 00:00:00'),
 PARTITION `p20240521A` VALUES LESS THAN ('A','2024-05-21 00:00:00'));
```

> ```sql

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
````
